August 24, 2022
Chuck Newman
26 Forest Way
Essex Fells, New Jersey 07021
Dear Chuck,
We are pleased to offer you the position of MS SQL Server Software Developer (Internal Title - 412340 :
MgrApplication Dev) reporting to Craig G Jancerak effective August 31, 2022.
This letter highlights the basic components of your employment offer and sets forth the conditions to your
acceptance of this offer. It is not intended to be a comprehensive description of all benefits available to
you or to provide the details of the plans that govern the administration of compensation or benefits
programs as our offerings change periodically. In the event of any conflict between this offer letter and a
plan document, the plan document will govern. As an employee, you will be able to access information
about your benefits at any time through our employee portal. In the meantime, if you have questions
about your compensation or benefit offerings, please contact me.
The following are components of your offer:
Rate of Pay - Your initial rate of pay will be $142500.00 a year, payable on a Semi-Monthly basis.
Benefits - CVS Health offers a comprehensive benefits package to all eligible colleagues. Benefits will be
available to you starting the first of the month following your date of hire. You'll receive an e-mail reminder
to access myHR online to make elections for your health and welfare benefits. Once you are hired, you
can access myHR to review benefits information and you will have 30 days to make enrollment elections.
If you have questions about your new hire benefits, you can visit myHR or call the myHR Service Center,
and they'll direct you further on how to make your new hire enrollment choices. You can reach myHR by
calling 888-694-7287, Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m EST. If you're a colleague rehired within a
13-week window of your termination date, you only have a 30-day window to re-enroll in your newly
eligible benefits.
Annual Cash Incentive - You will be eligible to participate in a CVS Health incentive plan for the current
year. Under this plan your target award will be 12.5% of your annual eligible earnings. Your actual award
amount, if any, is determined based on company and individual performance from January 1 to
December 31 of the current year and is paid by March 15 of the following year, and, in all cases, is
subject to the terms of the applicable incentive plan. Any award will be subject to proration based on
when you became an eligible participant
MyTime - You will be eligible for 16 days of MyTime annually which will be prorated in your first year of
service based on your service date.
CVS Discount Card - You can now download the CVS App to your smart phone and start using the CVS Discount
card a few days after you are hired. Simply download the CVS app to your smart phone, tap on the Deals & Rewards
tile near the upper left and then follow the instructions on how to add your discount card. To get your CVS Discount
card number: visit myHR.cvs.com and under highlights for you, see the tile for the Discount Card. Please allow 48
hours after you start working for your card number to display. (If you do not have a smart phone or would like a
physical card please request out in myHR same path where your card number is displayed. Also if you work in a
Store you will automatically be sent a physical card and please allow 3-4 weeks to receive.)
Conditions of Offer - Your offer of employment is contingent upon CVS Health receiving successful
results of our pre-screening process which may include confirmation that your name does not appear on
any state or federal health care excluded parties list and receipt of "approved" criminal background check
and "passed" drug test results if applicable.
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): CVS Health is fully committed in its compliance with the
Americans with Disabilities Act. If you have a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to perform
essential functions of your job, please contact Advice & Counsel, Reasonable Accommodations (1-877-
805-9511, option 1 for Reasonable Accommodations).
It is important to understand CVS Health does not want you to violate any agreement you may have with
any other entity by accepting this offer of employment. Further, know that CVS Health does not want you
to use confidential or proprietary information from other employers in your work for us. In fact, we prohibit
such conduct.
By accepting the terms of this offer, you confirm that your employment with CVS Health will not violate the
terms of any agreement you may have with any other entity, and that you will not provide CVS Health with
any trade secrets or any other confidential information from any prior employer. If you have not done so
already, you must provide a copy of any non-competition, non-solicitation, and/or any non-disclosure
agreement, which may still apply to you.
This offer of employment is contingent upon execution of a Restrictive Covenant Agreement (RCA) which
is associated with your role. Where applicable the RCA associated with your role will be presented
electronically via our e-Onboarding portal. You will not be permitted to start work unless and until this
RCA is executed and returned to CVS Health.
While we hope that you have a long, successful, and rewarding career with CVS Health, this offer is for
"at will" employment and is not a contract, such that either you or the Company may terminate the
employment relationship at any time.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Congratulations on your new opportunity!
Sincerely,
Samantha L Willing
Welcome to the CVS Health team! We look forward to you joining our organization. Your Recruiter or Hiring Manager
will provide details and instructions about your first day. If you have not heard from a member of the hiring team to
provide you with these instructions, please reach out to your Recruiter. CVS Health has a variable dress code based
on your location and job duties but we ask that you dress business casual for your first day.
It is important that the Company comply with Government regulations for verifying your employment authorization
related to your I-9 form. This verification by an authorized CVS Health colleague is required within the first three days
of employment and must be completed in person. Once this verification is complete, your status will proceed to be
uploaded into our payroll system. In order to verify your identity, please bring the physical documents used to
complete your I-9 as part of your new hire paperwork. In addition, please bring your license or credential
documentation that are applicable for your position.
 For on-site colleagues: Upon arrival to a CVS Health facility, check in at the front desk and advise it is
your first day. Your manager or another CVS Health colleague will verify your I-9 paperwork.
 For remote or field based colleagues: It is important to make arrangements with your Talent
Acquisition representative to have your I-9 completed. You may need to go to a physical CVS Health
facility to complete.
After you accept your offer, you will receive a link to our enterprise orientation tool, Building Connections, that
showcases our company’s purpose and business strategies, culture, and benefits of working at CVS Health. It is
optional if you choose to visit the site, but we hope it assists you with your transition into the organization. If you have
any questions about Building Connections, please reach out to your manager or
colleaguedevelopment@cvshealth.com.
When you start in your new position, you’ll have access to the Colleague Onboarding page on our intranet site,
Heartbeat. This site provides you with helpful tools and information to assist with onboarding into the organization and
your new role. You will be able to find information regarding the following topics:
 Colleague Benefits
 New Hire 90+ Day Checklists
 Desktop training and resources
Again, congratulations on joining the CVS Health family! Should you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to
contact your recruiter, Samantha L Willing, or hiring manager, Craig G Jancerak.
